Captain Yan Fang is right
Everyone else is using 2,000.
When you have an extra set of cosmetics
I can't even afford a $10 bottle of face oil
But have you ever thought about saving money?
You're both right.
Exactly.
Only money is the most important thing in this world
So
All those who stand in your way of making money should be brought down
Did you hear that?
Good. You are always ready.
I will send you abroad at any time these days.
But we don't have passports.
I didn't get a visa.
You don't have to worry about that.
If you can't even handle these
How can I still call Song Qiu Temple?
Don't worry, just wait.
The captain's energy is beyond your imagination
Before going abroad
I'll give each of you an extra living allowance
Not many.
That's 100,000 bucks
Long live the captain wow thank you captain
Go crazy if you want to succeed
Rush forward regardless of everything
Does Song Qiuci have any background?
Otherwise, how could he be so rich?
Background? Yes, there must be
It's just that no one knows who it is
OK
It's really uncomfortable to not have a fight for too long.
Jianglu, why don't we fight today?
Take the lead and run, are you sick?
Enemy Current
No no no boss
Do you want to change the flavor of the lollipop?
I have prepared several different flavors
Oops, I like that flavor of lollipop.
Only little kids love candy